Update helium-network.mdx (#1237)
helium/docs: docs/faq/helium-network.mdx

LoRaWAN, a wireless protocol, and have been deployed to the Helium Network. Typically these
are devices such as GPS trackers, environmental sensors, weather meters, etc., that only need to
transmit and share small bits of information. The Hotspot uses your existing Internet (via WiFi or
Ethernet) to deliver the data packets sent by devices. It does not replace internet or cellular
service for regular devices like computers and smartphones

### If I connect the Hotspot to my Wifi, am I breaking the terms of service with my Internet provider?

The Helium Network is not in the position or business of giving legal advice. In general, users
should check the terms with individual providers and comply with applicable law.

### How far does the Helium Network reach and does it use radio frequency?

Helium’s LoRaWAN technology, the combination of the Helium blockchain and LoRaWAN wireless protocol,
uses sub-GHz radio frequency between 860 and 923 MHz. Depending on conditions, Helium LoRaWAN can 
reach dozens of miles or kilometers and even connect devices that are inside buildings unlike GPS and 
cellular signals.

### What kind of cryptocurrency do I earn?

> Hotspot owners earn IOT tokens on the Solana Blockchain

Reviewer: Lets leave off the mention of Solana here.
We also need to illustrate Mobile Hotspots as entity on the network.

We can link to the IOT and MOBILE pages for more detail.

### How do Hotspots earn IOT?

> Hotspots earn IO by providing wireless coverage and transferring data from nearby devices. The more

Reviewer: typo here

> data transferred the larger the reward. Previously hotspots used to earn HNT tokens and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data transferred the larger the reward. Previously Hotspots earned HNT tokens and
```

### What if I'm in a rural area, or the only Hotspot in my area? Can I still earn rewards?

It's best to have at least one or two other Hotspots within radio range of you so that you can
participate in Proof of Coverage Challenges to earn IOT rewards at a higher rate. If you are the
only Hotspot in your area, you will earn IOT if a device uses your Hotspots connection to transfer
sensor data back to the sensor users. IOT is distributed based on these economics. Read more about 
token economics [here](https://www.helium.com/token).

### Can I connect my phone or computer to Hotspots?

> Yes. As of early 2022 the community has started to roll out 5G-CBRS hotspots in the USA

Reviewer: Capitalize Hotspot

[4G/LTE and 5G coverage on the Helium blockchain](https://www.helium.com/5G).

### Does Helium partner with Internet providers?

> Yes. In fact, Helium recently partnered with DISH, a nationwide provider of internet connectivity,

Reviewer: 2021 isn't exactly recent. 
Is this a common question? If we feel like we need to keep it, t-mobile might be more relevant
